## I Found the Source of the Mysterious Warping Noise

It's 4AM, a speaker randomly turned on and scared me. 
And in the late hours I have imagined that this web app game will be very well made.
As to its popularity and appeal, I'm not sure - BUT it WILL be well made.

And I think that for something made well, it would be nice to have an archive talking about the decisions made
and how it looked before and how it turned into what it is. Maybe I'm just sleep-idealising. 
For the readers' sake, I'll refrain from too much imaginary talk. I won't talk about why I'm making this.
I won't even talk about what exactly we are making. Let's talk about how we're making it.

We're making a webapp which has a pretty interesting and extensible backend 
and a pretty basic frontend. The backend will be entirely written in GO,
which was chosen for its built in concurrency, quick development, expanding package support,
and because I want to learn GO. The frontend is going to be built on the React framework. Basically for the same reason
as using Go. Also because I don't want to learn AJAX and am familiar with React.

Presumptuously I'll pronounce that no web app games exist as supportive or feature-filled as this one.
And certainly not for this style of game. This will exist on the web as long as I can maintain it.

To that end, here is the feature map. There aren't any dates yet. Because I don't know the dates.
Even thuogh I've tried to make this before, the planning does surprise you. 
I'll certainly add some when this is pushed live on the internet, which could happen when alpha is finished.
It's just be a player with no features or user-centricity, but it would play and I'd probably include this blog. 

Yeah I think I'll release this onto the web when alpha is done. 

I don't even know what this blog will be when the app is done. Making tournament anncouncements? 
Congratulating players? 

For now it will be progress updates and tech decisions and teach and tool explanationthroughs. 


## Feature roadmap

alpha - the first update
- [ ] make databases
- [ ] code out database apis
- [ ] get 24 combinations
- [ ] get frontend running
- [ ] get game working

alpha2 - the nerd update
- [ ] add user auth
- [ ] add leaderboards
- [ ] add user profile stats
- [ ] add customizable user options (profile picture, background, badges, banners, epithets)

beta - the release update
- [ ] make live head to head work
- [ ] buy domain and hook up the nginx
- [ ] add coming soon battle royale mode

v1 - the expansion update
- [ ] add battle royale mode
- [ ] add lots of leaderboards and card combinations
- [ ] make ios and android app
- [ ] add forums


---

"why is connecting to a database so hard? is that user auth?"
