##

Actually I'm not sure how the release schedule will work. I don't care too much about releasing after the alpha stage.
It would be alot of work for the system to configure the games to work without database support and there's no reason.

Once the auth is implemented and user profile stuff is implemented then we can release it. So the alpha2 release
will happen. but just releasing a MVP game is not that interesting. 

Today we got alot of the game logic working. We just need to make the frontend logic, and we'll be cooking
for this release.

It is scary how clearly I can see how this game is going to play. I do believe that it will hit some critical mass
of players. At least I'll be able to promote it as well. 

I hope tomorrow I can have a completed game. If I can finish the game tomorrow I can rest easier on Friday.
I have a flight to catch that day and I think I'll work on getting leaderboards and stats to work would be good.



## Feature roadmap

alpha - the first update
- [x] make databases
- [x] code out database apis
- [x] get 24 combinations
- [ ] get frontend running
- [ ] get game working

alpha2 - the player update
- [ ] add breaks
- [ ] add user auth
- [ ] add leaderboards
- [ ] add user profile stats
- [ ] add customizable user options (profile picture, background, badges, banners, epithets)
- [ ] buy domain and hook up the nginx
- [ ] add cloudflare or some other kind of anti-botting

beta - the multiplayer update
- [ ] make live head to head work
- [ ] add css
- [ ] add coming soon battle royale mode
- [ ] add anti scripting/botting

v1 - the expansion update
- [ ] add battle royale mode
- [ ] add lots of leaderboards and card combinations
- [ ] make ios and android app
- [ ] add forums


---

"cause you never know when I'm going to need to do some Javascript"

