## Alpha DONE
Today Alpha was finished. Made alot of progress today, was kind of stuck on not hitting the endpoints
and also just setting up the game board. But I'm happy with what we have. It should be indiscriminate to the 
number of cards played. Right now it's specific to the target 24, but that's easily changed with some context/db call.

User auth is also almost finished. At least half of it is - the token assignment. There's still some stuff to do
like register (easy, flip a bool), login (harder, need to sync anon user data with logged in user data),
but without the data syncing stuff it's pretty easy. Might just have to add that to the beta or expansion update.

I think I will release this thing after the alpha2 update. 
I want this thing available for users' hands ASAP.
I guess it doesn't matter, after the release I'll do some cosmetic stuff.

Yeah I'm getting excited about this, I know that it would be really fun for me at least lol.
I think that alpha2 will be done this weekend and we can release. That should be a good time.

I need to just finish this alpha2 thing, I got other things I want to do, but this is on my mind alot. 
I also need to stream this thing once it's done lol. I mean I'll have to allot some time to marketing basically. 

Cheers all

## Feature roadmap
alpha - the first update
- [x] make databases
- [x] code out database apis
- [x] get 24 combinations
- [x] get frontend running
- [x] get game working

alpha2 - the server update
- [ ] add breaks
- [ ] add user auth
- [ ] add leaderboards
- [ ] buy domain and hook up the nginx
- [ ] add cloudflare or some other kind of anti-botting
- [ ] Cosmetic: M1

beta - the player update
- [ ] add explorer mode, which is for crowdsourcing solutions to new numCard-Target combinations
- [ ] add user profile stats
- [ ] add customizable user options (profile picture, background, badges, banners, epithets)
- [ ] add custom keybindings


v1 - the multiplayer update
- [ ] make live head to head work
- [ ] add css
- [ ] add coming soon battle royale mode
- [ ] add anti scripting/botting
- [ ] add anon account syncing

v2 - the expansion update
- [ ] add battle royale mode
- [ ] do security check and other checks
- [ ] add lots of leaderboards and card combinations
- [ ] make ios and android app
- [ ] add forums


---
MF DOOM WAS HERE
